README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
   parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
   },
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

mods: - added `README` file - finished all pages are done - all forms are working

README.md, after:

# TraxoHQ

Welcome to **TraxoHQ**, where learning meets
innovation. We are passionate about providing an exceptional online
learning experience tailored to your needs. Our platform boasts a diverse
range of high-quality courses taught by industry experts, ensuring you
gain valuable skills and knowledge. What sets us apart is our commitment
to an interactive and engaging learning environment. From quizzes and
projects to community forums, we strive to make learning enjoyable and
effective. Enjoy the flexibility to learn at your own pace, connect with
like-minded learners, and embark on a journey of personal and professional
growth. Join us today and discover the endless possibilities that learning
with **TraxoHQ** brings to your fingertips.

## What we offer

Creating a learning platform involves providing valuable content, resources, and a positive learning experience. Encouraging people to join your learning platform can be motivated by various factors:

- Quality Content
- Expert Instructors
- Diverse Course Offerings
- Interactive Learning Experience
- Flexibility and Convenience
- Community and Networking
- Career Advancement Opportunities
- Free Content

## We're looking for spomsors

Support us to provide better contents to more learners.
